*Redis Module for Play Framework*

This plugin allow you to integrate redis with your Play application.  It consists of three parts:

1. A redis client used to persist data to a redis instance.
2. A redis implementation of Play's cache interface.  This allows you to use redis for your caching needs.
3. A redis cache monitor that helps you debug issues with your redis cache.

With this plugin, you can choose to use redis as a persistent data store or a caching system or both. Note that if you choose both, you'll need separate redis instances.  The cache is flushed at application shutdown.

*Installation*
To install the redis module, add this to your conf/dependencies.yml file:

require:
    - play -> redis

*Using the Redis Client*
Configuring the redis client is easy.  Simply add this property to your conf/application.conf file:

<code>redis.url=redis://username:password@host:port</code>

Within your application code, the redis client is available via the play.modules.redis.Redis class.  For example, you can set and get values with the following code:

<code>Redis.set("key", "value");</code>
<code>Redis.get("key");</code>

Note that this class abstracts away the client implementation.  If for some reason, you wish to get the native client, that is possible as well:

@RedisConnectionManager.getRawConnection().set("key", "value");@

RedisConnectionManager.getRawConnection will return a "Jedis":https://github.com/xetorthio/jedis client.

*Using the Redis Client with Shared Instances*
The plugin supports sharded instances.  Within your conf/application.conf file, specify the connection urls to the various shards:

<code>redis.1.url=redis://username:password@host:port</code>
<code>redis.2.url=redis://...</code>

Now you may use the Redis client the same way as above.  If you wish to get a native client, you can with the following:

@RedisConnectionManager.getRawConnectionFromShard("key");@

This will return a Jedis client to the shard containing the key argument.

*Using Redis for Caching*
Again, the configuration is easy.  Add these properties to your conf/application.conf file:

<code>redis.cache=enabled</code>
<code>redis.cache.url=redis://username:password@host:port</code>

Now you can use the Cache interface like you normally would in your Play application:

@Cache.set("key", "value", "30s");@

*Using the Redis Cache Monitor*
This monitor helps debug your cache while your Play app is running.  Simply add this to your routes file:

<code> * /cache       module:redis</code>

Now you can drop the cacheMonitor tag in any of your views:

@#{cacheMonitor /}@

The cache monitor will report your cache contents as well as information about your cache redis instance.

*Source Code*
The source code is available on Github at https://github.com/tkral/play-redis

*Change Log*

v0.3:
* Add caching support for model objects

